hi guys this is harris music academy and
this is our breaking video he'll be k 6
from course and we are going to start
the review of this this kita and we will
start now ok first we are breaking scour
yeah stop the opening video will be done
by me he's only it with the wrist yeah I
have the privilege to be the lead
guitarist of Azazel's will take some
time so you will introduce a drama this
is proof is a students yeah this one d
joy and bonitos and seahorses oh yeah
yeah here is this and you can see the
badge award thing on the cover up and k
APPA knee yeah so guys you ready
yeah here's the deal make themselves
more
I guess yup so you can see the okay yeah
so here you can see the coffin shaped
østergaard and you have the cord
specially in Lake the Pentagon and here
we go to so design it's very much yeah
kind of awesome inlay working here and
here you can find a EMG 85 and 87
pickups with a licensed Floyd I mean
code floyd rose tremolo n here with the
volume knob and the tone knob you can
see the Pentagon designs and got a
three-way control switch yeah this is a
active pickup so you can find a non volt
battery that powers this beast is it a
jumbo of it yeah this is 25 jumbo frets
and can't see the lock system all over
here I think it's the cheapest emt pick
up guitar maybe hopefully up and let's
see ya let's see how it works yeah and
our review is going to use which one sue
me and yeah I guess I would prefer zoom
g2 and you okay we are going for
nutrient you and
sadly the stranger cube level we had the
guys wash out soon you'll be watching
our marshal cabinet and damn hat review
as soon as possible we have given the
orders and let's see a new addition to
the sasal ban now you are taking the
virginity for the first time sorry let's
see how it sounds
you
yes the whole volume is little bit high
ha
in turn of our latest edition
it sounds are any also means i guess
this is a fine with this I get when I'm
using the CMD 85 to come over here i can
get and you can you can feel this
infinite sustain of this EMG pickups
because md is really a active pickup and
it's powered by a nun most battering so
as I'm in this from even if these are
acoustic guitar tone you can feel the
infinite sustaining here and if I goes
for this
we are here with this ocean town
this engine is a scale that's the
specialty of EMG pickups if I'm even
like I'm not playing on the final
here are this sound really a whistling
sound this is pretty awesome in here and
let's see premier please sir oh yeah
you